For every additional element, why you are adding it
. 3 Firewalls: The first Firewall checks the rules after receiving the requests and could deny following requests. 
The second and third firewalls are working on the server to prevent someone hacking depending of the requests.

. SL certificate: 1 SSL certificate: is added to secure https protocols and encrypt communication. 
The messages won’t be easily accessed or viewed by a third person, making the communication and data transfer from the browser and web server more secure.

. What are firewalls for
Firewalls is a network security device that monitors network traffic, it can be understood as a division or “wall” between a private network and public network
which limits and blocks network traffic based on a set of security rules in the hardware or software by analyzing data packets that request entry to the network. 
Additionally, firewalls are used to allow remote access to a private network through secure authentication.

. Why is the traffic served over HTTPS
HTTPS (HyperText Transfer Protocol Secure). The traffic is served over HTTPS in order to bring protection by using the secure port 443, which encrypts 
outgoing information. Then it is more difficult to spy or get access to the site’s information.

. What monitoring is used for
Monitoring is practice used for quality control. As Peter Ducker said, “What can’t be measured, it can’t be improved”. 
Then, monitoring not only helps to make sure to maintain high quality levels, keeping the established standards and consistency, 
but also to help in the continuous improvement of the resources performance.

. How the monitoring tool is collecting data
IT monitoring is composed of three parts: 1) Fundation; 2) Software, and 3) Interpretation in order to function:
	. Foundation: Are related to the infrastructure at its lowest layer of the software stack. This includes physical and virtual devices, such as servers, CPUs and VMs.
	. Software: The software is the monitoring section which analyzes what is happening in the devices (physical or virtual machines) in terms of CPU usage, load, memory, 
	  and running count.
	. Interpretation: Here is where collected data is turned into metrics and are presented through graphs or data charts (mostly on GUI dashboard). 
	  This is often integrated with tools of data visualization to help better understand and do data analytics of performance

. Explain what to do if you want to monitor your web server QPS
Queries per second is a measure of the rate of traffic going in a particular server serving a Web domain. It is an important metric to monitor, because it can help you decide 
whether to scale the server in order to cope with the demand of usage, and resource requirement so the web page won’t collapse in the future with overload server request.

. The issues with this infrastructure:
	. SSL at the load balancer level is an issue because it is possible to lose state by doing this - if you have an application running that requires some SSL headers to keep state. 
	  If so, you are likely to lose that information.
	. Second, it does make your traffic vulnerable to eavesdropping on the local network.
. Why having only one MySQL server capable of accepting writes is an issue
If there are more write requests to be handled, this can cause the system to slowdwon as a result there is inconvinience at the enduser

. Having servers with all the same components (database, web server and application server) might be a problem for several reasons:
	It could cause performance issues if one component consumes more resources than others or if there is a high demand for a specific service.
	It could increase the risk of data loss or downtime if one component fails and affects the others or if there is no redundancy or backup system.
	It could limit the scalability and flexibility of the system if different components have different requirements or need to be updated separately


For infrastructure screenshot visit: https://drive.google.com/file/d/1SPPxTnYj_QYVXGMGntBjuVrfWD4-7s6o/view?usp=sharing
